[wip] Add pa11y testing and reporting (#294)
pandas-dev/pydata-sphinx-theme: docs/user_guide/accessibility.rst

.. _accessibility:

*************
Accessibility
*************

Creating and publishing content that does not exclude audiences with limited abilities
of various kinds is challenging, but also important, to achieve and then maintain.

While there is no one-size-fits-all solution to maintaining accessible content, this
theme and documentation site use some techniques to avoid common content shortcomings.

.. Note::

    Issues and pull requests to identify or fix accessibility issues on this theme
    or site are heartily welcomed!

In Configuration
================

Some minor configuration options in a site's ``conf.py`` can impact the
accessibility of content generated by this theme, and Sphinx in general.

Natural Language
----------------

If not using a more robust `internationalization approach <https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/advanced/intl.html>`__ ,

> speciying at least the baseline natural language will assistive technology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
speciying at least the baseline natural language will help assistive technology
```

identify if the content is in a language the reader understands.

.. Hint::

    Specifying a ``language`` will propagate to the top-level `html` tag.

    .. code-block:: python

        language = "en"

Site Map
--------

Site maps, usually served from a file called `sitemap.xml` are a broadly-employed
approach to telling programs like search engines and assistive technologies where
different content appears on a website.

If using a service like `ReadTheDocs <https://readthedocs.com>`__, these files

> will be created for your, but for some of the other approaches below, it's handy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be created for you automatically, but for some of the other approaches below, it's handy
```
